README.md, before:

<header>

<!--
  <<< Author notes: Course header >>>
  Include a 1280×640 image, course title in sentence case, and a concise description in emphasis.
  In your repository settings: enable template repository, add your 1280×640 social image, auto delete head branches.
  Add your open source license, GitHub uses MIT license.
-->

# Test with Actions

_Create workflows that enable you to use Continuous Integration (CI) for your projects._

</header>

<!--
  <<< Author notes: Step 4 >>>
  Start this step by acknowledging the previous step.
  Define terms and link to docs.github.com.
-->

## Step 4: Add branch protections

_Great job uploading test reports! :partying_face:_

Take a look at the merge box, you'll notice you can merge this even though the review process hasn't been met.

Protected branches ensure that collaborators on your repository cannot make irrevocable changes to branches. Enabling protected branches also allows you to enable other optional checks and requirements, like required status checks and required reviews.

### :keyboard: Activity: Add branch protections

1. Go to **Branches** settings. You can navigate to that page manually by selecting the right-most tab in the top of the repository called **Settings** and then clicking **Branches**.
1. Click **Add branch protection rule** under "Branch protection rules".
1. Type `main` in **Branch name pattern**.
1. Check **Require a pull request before merging**.
1. Uncheck **Require approvals**.
1. Check **Require status checks to pass before merging**.
1. Check all build and test jobs that you'd like to see in the newly visible gray box.
1. Click **Create**.
1. _Once you turn on branch protection, Actions can no longer push directly to the `main` branch. Wait about 20 seconds and then go to the `ci` branch. [GitHub Actions](https://docs.github.com/actions) will automatically update to the next step on the `ci` branch. You'll need to follow instructions on this branch._

<footer>

<!--
  <<< Author notes: Footer >>>
  Add a link to get support, GitHub status page, code of conduct, license link.
-->

---

Get help: [Post in our discussion board](https://github.com/orgs/skills/discussions/categories/test-with-actions) &bull; [Review the GitHub status page](https://www.githubstatus.com/)

&copy; 2023 GitHub &bull; [Code of Conduct](https://www.contributor-covenant.org/version/2/1/code_of_conduct/code_of_conduct.md) &bull; [MIT License](https://gh.io/mit)

</footer>

Commit message:

Create ci.yml (#1)
* Create ci.yml

* Update to 2 in STEP and README.md

* Update resume.md

* Update to 3 in STEP and README.md

* Update ci.yml

* Update to 4 in STEP and README.md

* Update to 5 in STEP and README.md

---------

Co-authored-by: github-actions[bot] <github-actions[bot]@users.noreply.github.com>

README.md, after:

<header>

<!--
  <<< Author notes: Course header >>>
  Include a 1280×640 image, course title in sentence case, and a concise description in emphasis.
  In your repository settings: enable template repository, add your 1280×640 social image, auto delete head branches.
  Add your open source license, GitHub uses MIT license.
-->

# Test with Actions

_Create workflows that enable you to use Continuous Integration (CI) for your projects._

</header>

<!--
  <<< Author notes: Step 5 >>>
  Start this step by acknowledging the previous step.
  Define terms and link to docs.github.com.
-->

## Step 5: Merge your pull request

_Almost there! :heart:_

You can now [merge](https://docs.github.com/get-started/quickstart/github-glossary#merge) your pull request!

### :keyboard: Activity: Merge your pull request

1. Go to the **Pull requests** tab.
1. Click **Merge pull request**.
1. _Once you turn on branch protection, Actions can no longer push directly to the `main` branch. Make sure that you're on the `ci` branch in the page you're following instructions from._ Wait about 20 seconds and then refresh the page. [GitHub Actions](https://docs.github.com/actions) will automatically update to the next step.

<footer>

<!--
  <<< Author notes: Footer >>>
  Add a link to get support, GitHub status page, code of conduct, license link.
-->

---

Get help: [Post in our discussion board](https://github.com/orgs/skills/discussions/categories/test-with-actions) &bull; [Review the GitHub status page](https://www.githubstatus.com/)

&copy; 2023 GitHub &bull; [Code of Conduct](https://www.contributor-covenant.org/version/2/1/code_of_conduct/code_of_conduct.md) &bull; [MIT License](https://gh.io/mit)

</footer>
